-[gunshots]
-[woman screams]
[woman whimpering]
[panting]
[Godard] Please, you don't understand.
He's an experiment gone wrong.
[Vicious] Let there be light.
[devices powering on]
[dogs barking, whimpering]
[Lin] They say he's the best
hit man in the solar system.
[Godard crying] You can't let him out.
He says we can. So we will.
[Godard] This isn't someone
you put in the world.
We hooked him on Red-Eye to control him.
It's why we invented the stuff,
but it scrambled his brain.
That, and the time
he spent fighting on Titan.
He's a violent, homicidal loose cannon.
-Well then, he sounds like my kind of guy.
-[whimpers]
[door unlocks, buzzes open]
[breathes deeply]
What's your name, soldier?
LeFou.
Pierrot LeFou.
[dogs barking]
[snarls]
He hates dogs.
[yelling]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[whimpers]
-[knife slashing]
-[screaming]
[dogs barking]
Not just dogs.
[panting in fear] This is insane.
There's a reason we call him Mad Pierrot…
-[gunshots]
-[gasps]
Thank you.
Pleasure.
Care to return the favor?
Do a job for me
and you'll have all the Red-Eye you want.
What is the job?
Kill Spike Spiegel.
[theme music playing]
[rumbling]
[Jet] Come on. Come on.
[clatters]
Damn!
[grunts in frustration]
[Faye] When do I get to go?
When it's your turn.
But you already hit the things.
Pretty sure you get two throws per turn.
This sport is weird.
-[Jet growls]
-[Spike] Jet claims it is relaxing.
Why are we here?
Because it's family time.
And during family time
we do fun things together.
Like bowl.
[song playing mildly over speakers]
[Jet] Jesus.
Clip it. Clip it!
Aw!
Damn!
I can really see
how this helps you find your inner Zen.
Just roll the ball
down the lane, smart guy.
[laughing] Okay.
Oh.
[Jet] Get my mojo going.
[exhales, sniffs]
[sighs]
-[Faye gasps]
-[scoffs]
-Of course.
-[Spike] Faye, you're up next.
I'm going to get us some beers.
Wait, it's bad luck to bowl
when the ball's on the way back. Faye!
Hello?
Like the bowling gods give a crap.
Be free!
This game sucks balls!
What is happening?
Well, after recent events,
we wanted to do something special for you.
Guys, I don't even know
when my birthday is.
Yeah, that's why we decided
to make today your new birthday.
Wow.
You two are the sweetest dickheads
a girl could ever want.
[Jet chuckles]
Just don't sing. Seriously.
-'Course not.
-No, we'd never.
[both]
♪ Happy birthday to you… ♪
Typical.
♪ It's my birthday, it's my birthday ♪
Wait, hold on.
That makes me a Virgo.
I don't know if that works for me.
You know, you're right.
A typical Virgo is intelligent,
practical, reliable. Modest.
-[laughing]
-Oh, bite me. I'm a total Virgo.
[sighs]
[Jet] I didn't know you were
into all that astrological wu-wu.
[Spike] You know, I'm deep.
I'm layered. Like nachos.
[laughs]
[Spike] Hey.
-That's a good thing you did back there.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-I'm not all bark and bite.
-[Ein sniffing]
-Come on, man, the world's your toilet.
[whimpering]
Guys…
[sinister laughter]
[whooshing]
What the actual fuck?
[ticking loudly]
[growls]
-[clock tolling]
-[grunts]
[Jet] Oh, shit!
[laughing maniacally]
[continues laughing]
[grunting]
-[Jet] Run!
-[laughing maniacally]
[Spike] Shit!
[continues laughing]
[Spike grunting]
[Jet] Help me.
[laughing]
[both grunting]
Vicious sends his regards.
[beeps]
[laughs maniacally]
[both grunting]
[LeFou] Die.
Die. Die.
[barking]
-We've got to move.
-No shit!
[Jet] Ein!
[breathing heavily]
[Faye] Did you see
the fire-power that guy had?
-Who the hell can afford all that?
-Get the burn kit bag! Third shelf.
[Faye] Do you think
someone sent him after us?
I mean, I've pissed off
plenty of scumbags in my time,
so maybe it's payback?
-Come on, come on. Sorry, pal.
-[Spike groans]
[Faye] Do you have any enemies
who'd hire someone like that to kill you?
-I've got something to fix it.
-[groans]
Where's the burn kit bag?
[grunts]
I'm coming, I'm coming!
-And his face… I mean, his face.
-I'm going to fix you up, pal.
-Hurry up!
-[Faye] Yeah.
That guy was such a creeper.
He looked me in my eye and he was like,
[in creepy voice] "Die, die, die."
[Jet] Not now, Faye.
[exhales]
Okay. Here's the bad news.
[groans]
This might hurt.
[breathing heavily]
Might?
Will. You'll probably
pass out from the pain.
[chuckles drily]
Cigarette?
Not a chance.
[Faye] You're gonna want this
in your mouth instead.
I saw a guy,
he was way less banged up than you
and he got one of these chem treatments,
and he was crying like a baby.
Not helping.
Bite down.
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
[screaming stops]
[Jet sighs]
Hey! Where are you going?
Where are you going?
To talk to someone,
to help me figure out who this maniac is.
Let him sit
in the solution for 15 minutes,
wrap his arm, and get him in bed.
Thank you.
[Faye sighs]
[sultry music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, thanks for coming, Woody.
When you called I hoped
we'd be meeting some place more, um…
Candlelit.
[chuckles]
But after doing the digging you asked,
can't say it got my whistle wet.
Must be bad. You usually
get a kick out of this kind of stuff.
No. This is dry-mouth, cold-sweats bad.
-Are you joking?
-Making a point.
Your boy here is a phantom.
Scrubbed cleaner
than my bikini line in the summertime.
No sign of him ever existing.
Anywhere.
Now, who has that kind of access
or money for this level of invisibility?
Special forces, black-bag outfits,
Syndicate.
Since when did you
have that kind of heat on you?
Never.
Yeah, well, I had a feeling
you're into clean living,
even in your dirty business.
But what about your partner?
What about him?
You ever run a search on the guy?
I mean, saving my life
was his job interview.
You know,
he pulls my bacon out of the fire,
I don't question his integrity.
Yeah, well, I took the liberty.
And your partner, Spike Spiegel,
he's even less conspicuous
than the Phantom.
You've got issues.
I got all sorts of 'em,
but not my partner.
Yeah. Okay.
[sighs]
Thanks, Woody.
I owe you.
The greater the tab,
the greater the payback.
So protect that ass of yours, Jet.
I'm going to want what's mine.
[Jet] See you, Woody.
[sultry music continues]
[exhales]
[distant clang]
[footsteps approaching]
[Jet] Hmm.
How you doing?
I'm all right.
Those blue balls are worse than the fire.
[both chuckle]
Oh, man…
Good thing I brought
something for the pain.
-Is that…
-Yes, it is.
From the secret-secret stash.
Monkey Punchy Jamaican rum.
Distilled on Old Earth, before The Fall.
I thought all you had
on this ship was whisky.
This is for medicinal purposes only.
[Spike chuckling] Right.
-[Jet clicks tongue]
-[Spike] Mm.
Easy, Ace. It's a sipping rum.
[sighs]
I was sipping.
Uh-huh.
What are we toasting?
Getting our asses whooped?
I'm toasting you being alive
after throwing yourself
at that maniac when he came at you. Ha.
What did he say to you?
-[Spike] Who?
-[Jet] The maniac.
I saw him talking to you.
-Now I'm friends with him?
-You're my friend.
No need to keep secrets.
I think you had a little bit too much
of the Monkey Punchy, pal.
[both laugh]
Mm.
Thank you.
Listen, he yelled,
"Die, die, die," at Ein.
Oh.
I told you.
There's something fishy about that dog.
[gasps]
Initiating neural link.
No! No!
[muffled screaming]
Begin downloading his memories.
[LeFou screaming]
[breathing heavily]
Go to your happy place.
[crowd screaming]
[chuckling]
[Godard] Go to your happy place.
[manic laughter]
[footsteps approaching]
-Oh, you're awake.
-Scooch, I need the gizmo.
What for?
I need to figure out
who that hit man was in the alley.
-Hmm.
-What are you doing?
Making a list
of everyone I've ever pissed off.
[Jet] Come on, Spike.
The guy said something to you.
-Who is he?
-That's what I'm trying to find out.
Oh. [exhales]
[device clacking]
[beeping]
[barks]
[laughing]
[Jet] You can look into this guy
all you want,
you're going to come up empty.
[Spike] And what makes you so sure?
[Jet] Because I've already researched him.
[Spike] Yeah? You did research
into why this guy hates dogs?
[Jet] Enough with
the bullshitting already.
You can tell me if you know this guy.
[Ein panting]
Uh…
Ein?
[screams]
Spike Spiegel.
I have travelled
all this way to take your life.
Phew.
I will kill your friends.
I will destroy your ship.
I will rip your heart out.
[laughs maliciously]
I'd rather you didn't.
You will face me
or see all that you love destroyed.
[laughs]
You have two hours.
Or the killing begins.
[laughs maniacally]
[Ein whimpering]
The dog
plays movies…
from his eyes.
From his eyes!
[switch clinks]
[gasps]
♪ I have seen so many things ♪
♪ That you, the dead,
Would never believe ♪
♪ All these moments will be
Soon forgotten ♪
♪ Like tears in the rain ♪
♪ It’s time to die ♪
[laughing maniacally]
[footsteps approaching]
I know what you're doing.
[Spike] Step aside and let me.
Not on your life.
[Spike sighs]
You're going up against
a military-grade killer.
And you think
you're going to go at him alone?
The guy's got a force field, Spike.
It's ablative armor.
It diffuses kinetic energy
from explosives and fast-moving bursts.
It's useless against a blade though.
If I can get close enough,
I might be able to--
What?
Draw a drop of blood
before he tears out your lungs?
That's not going to happen.
Yeah.
I get that you think that.
With your past and all.
Yeah.
I know who you used to be.
Do you?
A man with your skills
only comes from one place.
Where'd you serve?
Shoulder of Orion?
Titan? Tanhauser's Gate?
Look, I get it.
You're on some kind of Special Ops team.
There's no shame in that.
I know how a man's deeds
can follow him around and…
haunt him.
I don't want to talk about it.
Well, be that as it may,
you're on my ship now.
My team.
If you want to go on a suicide run,
you've got to go through me first.
Me too, nut-bucket.
All right.
Together. [scoffs] God.
-I'll set a course for Earthland.
-What do you think about the dog?
I mean, I'm just saying…
I kind of like the dog.
It's fuzzy, cute, but…
It shoots video from its eyes.
That's probably not the least it can do.
[engine whirring]
[whimpering]
[Santiago] Your shedable shackles.
Time to lock you down, Vicious.
We agreed it would only be you and me.
-When we see the Elders, sure, but…
-Send your men away.
[laughing]
You're one paranoid parakeet.
And you're not?
We take my ship.
Just you and me.
We made a deal.
With my ship, my men can at least track me
if you decide
you want to eat my testicles for tea.
Lose the guards, lose the ship
or lose the deal.
Scram!
Don't be afraid.
When I return,
everything will be different.
And for the better.
I love you.
[breathes deeply]
[Jet] I know we've been
through this a dozen times,
but we're fighting
a nearly unstoppable assassin here--
-We don't know if he's unstoppable.
-We know.
There's one of him and three of us.
That gives us a tactical advantage.
-Right, war hero?
-[Faye] War hero?
Since when?
You two ruck the muck together?
Is that where the bromance was born?
We marched in the Battle
of Mind Your Own Business.
Let's get our shit together, guys.
All right, once again…
[all] Phase One.
Spike takes the ship from the bay.
flies it down to the park,
walks the rest of the way.
Then Spike does like the killer says
and faces him down
like a man with no dread.
Which leads to Phase Two.
[Faye and Spike] Unknown to our killer,
Faye's flying down
in her Red Tail thriller,
and while he's distracted
staring at Spike,
Faye fires flashbangers
in a dazzling first strike.
[Jet] Ha.
-Paving the way for Phase Three.
-What's with all the rhyming?
It helps to retain the plan.
I saw it in an old Lee Marvin picture.
Paving the way for Phase Three.
[all] When Jet flies
the Bebop into the atmosphere,
and fires a grapnel
like a man with no fear,
puts the bad man into the sinkhole,
and puts in some gas
to finish our big goal.
I feel like we need
more phases to get the meter going.
I like the meter just fine, smart guy.
I didn't come up with this plan to fail.
Or to lose either one of you.
I want to hear it again, with feeling.
[sighs]
[Faye and Spike exaggeratedly] Phase One.
[Caliban] Did he or did he not
approach you and Mao
with the treacherous plan to murder us?
[grunting]
[Santiago] He did, Your Excellencies.
[muffled screaming]
[Miranda] Treason.
-[Prospero] Treason.
-[Caliban] Treason.
[muffled speaking]
[Caliban] By his own weapon.
[muffled grunting]
You should have known better, Vicious.
[Vicious screaming]
[Caliban] You've disappointed me, boy.
You've always disappointed me.
[yells]
[screaming]
[Caliban gasps]
You shouldn't have made Julia sing.
[upbeat music playing]
[Mao grunting]
[men grunting and screaming]
[screams]
[grunting]
[all grunting]
[mask clatters]
Don't be rash, boy.
I have always loathed
that term of endearment.
I would have preferred "son."
It's a crime Mother
is no longer with us to witness this.
She did always want us to be closer.
Well, I'd say we're having
a proper father-son moment now,
aren't we?
[grunts]
A true heart to heart.
[Caliban grunting]
Didn't you dream that one day
I'd prove myself to be man enough?
[grunts loudly]
How about now?
[Caliban chuckling] You…
You're nothing
but a scared little boy.
You will never
be anything else.
[soft piano music playing]
I beg to differ, Dad.
[music crescendos dramatically]
[Faye, Jet and Spike] …then he drops
the bad man into the sinkhole,
puts in some gas, to finish our big goal!
Can I say something?
Yeah.
Poisonous gas feels a little intense.
So you're a pacifist now?
Uh…
What else am I supposed
to do with a canister of poison gas, hmm?
I've had this stuff
sitting on a shelf for years.
I finally get a chance
to use it on somebody--
Fine! Fine! Forget I asked.
We've got a lot riding on this.
And we only get one shot at it.
Let's do this thing!
Really? It's like that?
Yes!
-[beeping]
-[powering on]
Phase One, here we go.
[over radio] I'll ping you
when I'm ready for Phase Two.
[beeping]
-[radio crackling]
-Spike! Can you hear me?
[monitor beeping steadily]
[beeping]
[Kangaroo] Bonjour, Captain!
No.
-No, no, no, no, no, no!
-[powering down]
[Faye] Did what I think just happened,
really happen?
[Jet] If you think that every one
of our ship's systems
got knocked out by a multipartite
fractal cascade virus. Yes.
-[groans softly]
-[Faye] We got rid of the dog!
How did the assassin
break into our system?
[sighs]
It wasn't the assassin.
Spike did it?
-He really didn't want us to go, did he?
-No, he didn't.
He fried the fusion module
and lame-ducked us.
Son of a bitch! It's going to take
at least an hour to replace.
[Mao groaning]
[Vicious] Did you truly believe
I would trust you with my life?
[breathing heavily]
That I didn't have a plan?
Tell Julia I'm sorry.
For making her sing?
For failing…
to deliver your head
to her.
[laughing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind whistling]
[distant rattling]
-[amusement park rides powering on]
-[fanfare playing]
-[bell dings]
-[eerie laughter]
[amusement park music playing]
Hello, boy.
Let's party!
[laughing maniacally]
[grunts]
[yelling]
[laughing maniacally]
-[continues laughing]
-[grunting]
Ah!
[continues laughing]
[music continues]
[laughs]
[Spike grunts]
[LeFou yells]
[both grunting]
[laughing]
Oh.
[continues laughing]
[music winds down]
Shit.
[gasps]
-[mechanical barking]
-[gasps]
-[dogs barking]
-[whimpering]
[screams]
[Spike grunts]
[crying]
It hurts, Mommy.
[continues crying]
It hurts, Mommy!
It hurts, Mommy.
Why, Mommy?
[continues crying]
[gasps]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hello, sweetie. Don't get up.
Did you have a good day? Mine was good.
[gasps softly]
Bloody good.
And I have a feeling
it's only going to get…
[Julia breathing shakily]
…better.
[somber music playing]